BEGIN:VCALENDAR
VERSION:2.0
PRODID:-//yaml2ical agendas//EN
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:AWS working group
DTSTART:20220428T173000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20220317T170904Z
UID:awsworkinggroup-20220428
RRULE:FREQ=MONTHLY;BYDAY=4TH
DESCRIPTION:Project:  AWS working group\nChair:  Alina Buzachis (abuzachis
 )\, Mark Chappell (tremble)\, Markus Bergholz (markuman)\nDescription:  \n
 We discuss everything related to AWS every 4th Thursday of the month at 17
 :30 UTC.\nIf you have something to discuss (e.g. a PR that needs help)\, a
 dd your request to the meeting agenda and join the IRC channel.\n\nAgenda 
 URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/issues?q=is:open+label:meeting_
 agenda+label:aws\nProject URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/
 AWS
LOCATION:#ansible-aws or https://matrix.to/#/#aws:ansible.im
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Ansible Security Automation working group
DTSTART:20230130T150000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20211013T124637Z
UID:ansiblesecurityautomationworkinggroup-20230130
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Ansible Security Automation working group\nChair:  A
 dam Miller (maxamillion)\, Sumit Jaiswal (justjais)\, Abhijeet Kasurde (ak
 asurde)\nDescription:  \nWe discuss everything about Information Security 
 Automation in Ansible every week on Monday.\n\nIf you have something to di
 scuss (e.g. a PR that needs help)\, add your\nrequest to the meeting agend
 a and join the IRC channel.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/com
 munity/issues?q=is:open+label:meeting_agenda+label:security\nProject URL: 
  https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/Security-Automation
LOCATION:#ansible-security or https://matrix.to/#/#security-automation:ans
 ible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Azure working group
DTSTART:20230207T130000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20211013T124637Z
UID:azureworkinggroup-20230207
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY;INTERVAL=2
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Azure working group\nChair:  Anshul Behl (anshulbehl
 )\, Jacob Jackson (thedoubl3j)\nDescription:  \nWe discuss everything rela
 ted to Azure every week on Tuesday.\n\nIf you have something to discuss (e
 .g. a PR that needs help)\, add your\nrequest to the meeting agenda and jo
 in the IRC channel.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/i
 ssues?q=is:open+label:meeting_agenda+label:azure\nProject URL:  https://gi
 thub.com/ansible/community/wiki/azure
LOCATION:#ansible-azure or https://matrix.to/#/#azure:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Community working group
DTSTART;VALUE=DATE-TIME:20230322T180000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP;VALUE=DATE-TIME:20230201T040348Z
UID:communityworkinggroup-20230322
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Community working group\nChair:  John Barker (gundal
 ow)\nDescription:  \nDiscuss everything related to Ansible Community and C
 ontributor experience.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/communit
 y/issues?q=is:open+label:meeting_agenda+label:contributor_experience\nProj
 ect URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki/Community
LOCATION:#ansible-community or https://matrix.to/#/#community:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Core Team meeting
DTSTART:20220714T160000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20220613T111420Z
UID:coreteammeeting-20220714
RRULE:FREQ=MONTHLY;BYDAY=2TH
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Core Team meeting\nChair:  Core Team\nDescription:  
 \nA place to get input from the Ansible Core Team issues\, PRs and proposa
 ls\nthat people who are willing to come to the meeting want to present.\n-
  Old PRs that need attention from us (as opposed to from the submitter)\n-
  Selected proposals from the ansible/proposals repo\n- Review of actions f
 rom previous meeting\n- Open discussion driven by the group\n\nAgenda URL:
   https://github.com/ansible/community/issues?q=is:open+label:meeting_agen
 da+label:core\nProject URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/wiki
LOCATION:#ansible-meeting
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Documentation working group
DTSTART;VALUE=DATE-TIME:20230328T150000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP;VALUE=DATE-TIME:20230201T040348Z
UID:documentationworkinggroup-20230328
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Documentation working group\nChair:  Sandra McCann (
 samccann)\nDescription:  \nDiscuss everything related to Ansible Documenta
 tion.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/issues?q=is:ope
 n+label:meeting_agenda+label:docs\nProject URL:  https://github.com/ansibl
 e/community/wiki/Docs
LOCATION:#ansible-docs or https://matrix.to/#/#docs:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Network working group
DTSTART:20230427T130000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20230201T040348Z
UID:networkworkinggroup-20230427
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY;INTERVAL=2
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Network working group\nChair:  Kate Case (Qalthos)\n
 Description:  \nDiscuss everything network.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github
 .com/ansible/community/labels/network\nProject URL:  https://github.com/an
 sible/community/wiki/Network
LOCATION:#ansible-network or https://matrix.to/#/#network:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:VMware working group
DTSTART:20230130T160000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20211013T124637Z
UID:vmwareworkinggroup-20230130
RRULE:FREQ=WEEKLY
DESCRIPTION:Project:  VMware working group\nChair:  Abhijeet Kasurde (akas
 urde)\, James Tanner (jctanner)\nDescription:  \nWe discuss everything VMw
 are every week on Monday.\n\nIf you have something to discuss (e.g. a PR t
 hat needs help)\, add your\nrequest to the meeting agenda and join the IRC
  channel.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/issues?q=is
 :open+label:meeting_agenda+label:vmware\nProject URL:  https://github.com/
 ansible/community/wiki/VMware
LOCATION:#ansible-vmware or https://matrix.to/#/#vmware:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Windows working group
DTSTART:20230502T200000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20230428T112052Z
UID:windowsworkinggroup-20230502
RRULE:FREQ=MONTHLY;BYDAY=1TU
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Windows working group\nChair:  Matt Davis (nitzmahon
 e)\, Jordan Borean (jborean93)\nDescription:  \nWe discuss everything Wind
 ows every 1st and 3rd Tuesday.\n\nIf you have something to discuss (e.g. a
  PR that needs help)\, add your\nrequest to the meeting agenda and join th
 e IRC channel.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/issues
 ?q=is:open+label:meeting_agenda+label:windows\nProject URL:  https://githu
 b.com/ansible/community/wiki/Windows
LOCATION:#ansible-windows or https://matrix.to/#/#windows:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
BEGIN:VEVENT
SUMMARY:Windows working group
DTSTART:20230516T200000Z
DURATION:PT1H
DTSTAMP:20230428T112052Z
UID:windowsworkinggroup-20230516
RRULE:FREQ=MONTHLY;BYDAY=3TU
DESCRIPTION:Project:  Windows working group\nChair:  Matt Davis (nitzmahon
 e)\, Jordan Borean (jborean93)\nDescription:  \nWe discuss everything Wind
 ows every 1st and 3rd Tuesday.\n\nIf you have something to discuss (e.g. a
  PR that needs help)\, add your\nrequest to the meeting agenda and join th
 e IRC channel.\n\nAgenda URL:  https://github.com/ansible/community/issues
 ?q=is:open+label:meeting_agenda+label:windows\nProject URL:  https://githu
 b.com/ansible/community/wiki/Windows
LOCATION:#ansible-windows or https://matrix.to/#/#windows:ansible.com
END:VEVENT
END:VCALENDAR
